Xixi Yan Chen
Yan Chen, you are awake
How is Sissy?
There is no way for you and Gu Yuxi
He is just
Our family spent 300,000 toys we bought for you
I would never let you ruin your future because of him
You and Xiaoya are getting married this week
What's the matter suddenly thank you
No one is going
Then it depends on your Xixi
Can you get it and use it together?
Dad, what did you do to the chicken?
Dad, I promise you
I'm going to marry you two tomorrow.
Dad?
I'm still thinking of your good brother
Your good brother is marrying me tomorrow
I see how you still seduce eye protection
This won't end you badly.
We thought it was up to you
You can control your marriage
elder brother
Do you really want me?
Brother in the next life
Let's just be strangers.
Is that so?
I can marry you without any scruples